0:00 Hey guys, I gotta bring this back up to top priority because it's causing a big ol' fat mess. Uhm, I've spent a lot of hours correcting at least one of our clients' CRMs, and I'm gonna have to go right into correcting another one.
0:15 So, let's When the MLS data is pulled, there's a lot of variations in how the names are written, like, for example, we have a single name here, but then we have two first names separated by an and symbol with a last name, but then here we have first name, middle initial, and first name, last name, then
0:33 another first name, last name, but, uh, the same one that's here. Then if we look at this one, we've got a first name, a last name, comma, first name, at symbol, no idea what this even means.
0:48 is, and then a whole other person with a line between them. So there's so many variations in how the names are written that what's happening is, and we'll look at Allison Zeifert, um, is it's putting, like, duplicate last names instead of recognising that they're still two separate people, which then
1:06 we have to go back in and manually correct because it's causing a bunch of duplicates that are just not real people that they, of course, immediately recognise because they're clearly duplicated last names.
1:18 Um, so I don't know if that's what we want to do, you know, during the CSV processor where we can select the type of formatting that's in the file, because it does seem like it can be regional, or at least, you know, person.
1:36 to person, each client typically works with the same sort of TC, I guess, and so, you know, sometimes there's some consistency, now, per file, there's virtually no consistency, which is a problem in and of itself, uhm, and if this isn't something that can be done with the CSV format, then perhaps it's
1:54 something that we have to add into our process before we do any sort of importing, uhm, but this is just becoming a really, really big problem, so, uhm, if, you know, Sha, if you can think through, you know, is there a way to, uhm, accommodate for all these different types of names, you know, different
2:13 formats, uhm, or if there's just a hard stop that's not possible at all, if you could let us know so that we can then decide, like, what would be the next best step to prevent the hot mess that is the, what's happening, that would be awesome sauce.
2:29 Uhm, let me know, let me know if you have questions, uhm, if I need to put some of these examples in the actual doc, I can do that too.
2:37 Uhm, alright, thanks for watching.